Detail for my Mk2_withRemoteLoad_4b.ino sketch

This is an upgraded version of the original Mk2 sketch for use with my
PCB-based hardware.  It still supports two current sensors, CT1 and CT2.  
CT1 is for monitoring the flow of energy at the supply point; CT2 is 
available for monitoring the flow of current to the primary dump-load.  

With this version, a secondary dump-load is supported, it being controlled 
by the on-board RF facility.  By using the pin-saving hardware option, 
the 4-digit display is still available for use.

The primary (wired) load is still controlled from the "trigger" port.  In 
this sketch, the "mode" port is now used for priority selection.  If the 
associated switch is open, the local (wired) load has priority.  If the
switch is closed, thereby shorting these pins together, the secondary 
(RF-controlled)load has priority.

The _2 release includes various changes since the _1 version:

- a REQUIRED_EXPORT_IN_WATTS facility has been added.  This acts like a 
  leak in the energy bucket, therefore reducing the amount of surplus power 
  that can be diverted.  When a negative value is entered, this facility
  acts like a PV Simulator, which can be very helful for test purposes.

- The state of the energy bucket is displayed at the Serial Monitor every 
  second in Joules.

- The RFM12B is no longer sent to sleep between RF trnsmissions, it remains
  awake throughout.  The library call rf12_sendStart() has been replaced by
  rf12_sendNow().  These changes are intended to minimise any disruption
  to the continuous sampling process when RF transmissions are sent.

Changes for version _3:

- The 'long' variable, cycleCount, which counted mains cycles since start-up, has
  been removed.  This variable would have eventually overflowed which could have
  caused unpredictable effects.  The related functionality has been re-implemented
  using individual 'int' counters.

Changes for version _4:

- a persistence check for the zero-crossing detection has been added.  This 
is to remove any false detections of zero-crossings.  This effect is seen more 
with some types of transformer than others. 

- a mechanism has been added to monitor and display the minimum number
of sample sets that occur each mains cycle.  With a 125us timebase, and three
ADC samples per set, the expected number of sample sets per 20ms mains cycle 
is  20 / (3 * 0.125) = 53.33.   Any value less than 53 would indicate a loss of data.   

Changes for version _4a:

- A minor change has been made to the function timerIsr() so as to resolve
a timing anomaly that has previously existed.  With the new arrangement, a 
complete set of data samples is made available by the ISR for use by the
main code.  There is no longer any possibility of these values being 
overwritten before they are processed.

- support for the RF69 RF module has been included.

- the display timeout period has been reduced to 8 hours instead of 10.


Changes for version _4b:
- The variables to store ADC data are now declared as "volatile" to remove 
any possibility of incorrect operation due to optimisation by the compiler.

